Action Item: Dick, Charlie, and Henk improve wording in first use case (#16)
ietf-scitt/draft-birkholz-scitt-software-supply-chain-use-cases: draft-birkholz-scitt-software-use-cases.md

# Software Supply Chain Use Cases

> ## Trustworthiness Relationship between Product Supplier and the Signer of the Product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Trustworthiness Relationship between Product Supplier and the Distributor of the Product
```

A certain software component product is created and packaged by a Supplier.
The package by itself does not include a proof of authenticity.
A signing authority is tasked with adding a proof of authenticity.

> Trustworthiness has to be established from the Supplier towards the Signing Authority - and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trustworthiness has to be established from the Supplier towards the Distributor - and vice versa.
```

> The mutual trustworthiness relationship between Supplier and Signing Authority is established per each individual software component package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mutual trustworthiness relationship between Supplier and Distributor is established per each individual software component package.
```

A consumer of a released software wants:

> * to understand and verify that an actual trustworthiness relationship exists between the Supplier of a certain software component package and the Signing Authority of that software component package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* to understand and verify that an actual trustworthiness relationship exists between the Supplier of a certain software component package and the Distributor of that software component package.
```

Reviewer 2: Accepting this for now however effectively we have 3 roles , 
* Supplier
* Signer 
* Distributor
